hi guys we're finally getting to the end
of winter and if you're anything like me
your skin is probably a little dry from
these colder months and could use some
refreshing so today I'm going to be
showing you a super simple recipe for
making an amazing DIY rose and coconut
body scrubs it's great for exfoliating
away dry skin for this scrub you will
need either raw or brown sugar raw is
larger and more coarse Brown is more
fine so it's whatever your preference is
you'll also need some unrefined virgin
coconut oil and you want to make sure
it's unrefined because the refined oil
won't have a coconut scent to it you'll
also need some rosehip oil I found mine
at Whole Foods and last you'll need some
organic roses or rose petals and you'll
want to use organic because non-organic
roses are usually treated with chemicals
and pesticides and that's definitely not
an ingredient you want to be using in
your skincare routine to begin I'm
adding half a cup of coconut oil to a
mixing bowl and then I'm measuring out
half a teaspoon of rose hip oil and
mixing the two together rose hip oil is
really great for the skin because it
contains antioxidants and vitamins that
are supposed to help fight aging and
stimulate collagen production and it
happens to smell really good when mixed
with coconut oil next I'm adding some
rose petals into the bowl and mixing
them in these will begin to tear into
smaller chunks especially once I add the
sugar so next I'm measuring out a half a
cup of raw sugar and mixing that in as
well obviously you can adjust these
measurements to make more or less of
this scrub but I find that using equal
parts of sugar - coconut oil makes a
really nice consistency and that's it
the combination of rose and coconut
smells incredible and I like to scoop
everything into a glass jar so it stays
fresh and I can keep it in my shower
there's definitely an oily finish to
this scrub so if you don't want to leave
the oil on your skin for deeper
moisturizing I would recommend doing a
quick once-over with your body wash
afterward if you want
skin to feel squeaky clean and the best
part is this scrub will easily stay good
for a month so you can take your time
using it up I hope you guys enjoyed this
DIY thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time
bye